doc_id	text	TP	FP	FN	precision	recall	F	consistency	fp_map	fn_map	tp_map
8674108	Mutations of the BRCA1 gone in humans are associated with predisposition to breast and ovarian cancers . We show here that Brca1 + / - mice are normal and fertile and lack tumors by age eleven months . Homozygous Brca1 ( 5-6 ) mutant mice die before day 7 . 5 of embryogenesis . Mutant embryos are poorly developed , with no evidence of mesoderm formation . The extraembryonic region is abnormal , but aggregation with wild-type tetraploid embryos does not rescue the lethality . In vivo , mutant embryos do not exhibit increased apoptosis but show reduced cell proliferation accompanied by decreased expression of cyclin E and mdm-2 , a regulator of p53 activity . The expression of cyclin-dependent kinase inhibitor p21 is dramatically increased in the mutant embryos . Buttressing these in vivo observations is the fact that mutant blastocyst growth is grossly impaired in vitro . Thus , the death of Brca1 ( 5-6 ) mutant embryos prior to gastrulation may be due to a failure of the proliferative burst required for the development of the different germ layers . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and ovarian cancers, 1, 	
8929264	BACKGROUND  Allelic loss of chromosome 18q predicts a poor outcome in patients with stage II colorectal cancer . Although the specific gene inactivated by this allelic loss has not been elucidated , the DCC ( deleted in colorectal cancer ) gene is a candidate . We investigated whether the expression of the DCC protein in tumor cells is a prognostic marker in colorectal carcinoma . METHODS  The expression of DCC was evaluated immunohistochemically in 132 paraffin-embedded samples from patients with curatively resected stage II and III colorectal carcinomas . The Cox proportional-hazards model was used to adjust for covariates including age , sex , tumor site , degree of tumor differentiation , and use of adjuvant therapy . RESULTS  The expression of DCC was a strong positive predictive factor for survival in both stage II and stage III colorectal carcinomas . In patients with stage II disease whose tumors expressed DCC , the five-year survival rate was 94 . 3 percent , whereas in patients with DCC-negative tumors , the survival rate was 61 . 6 percent ( P &lt; 0 . 001 ) . In patients with stage III disease , the respective survival rates were 59 . 3 percent and 33 . 2 percent ( P = 0 . 03 ) . CONCLUSIONS  DCC is a prognostic marker in patients with stage II or stage III colorectal cancer . In stage II colorectal carcinomas , the absence of DCC identifies a subgroup of patients with lesions that behave like stage III cancers . These findings may thus have therapeutic implications in this group of patients 	0.0	0.0	3.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		stage II or stage III colorectal cancer, 1, stage II and III colorectal carcinomas, 1, stage II and stage III colorectal carcinomas, 1, 	
9222760	Classical galactosemia is caused by one common missense mutation ( Q188R ) and by several rare mutations in the galactose-1-phosphate uridyltransferase ( GALT ) gene . The most common variant of GALT , the Duarte variant , occurs as two types , Duarte-1 ( D-1 ) and Duarte-2 ( D-2 ) , both of which carry the sequence change N314D . D-1 increases , whereas D-2 decreases GALT activity . To study the molecular genetics of classical and Duarte galactosemia , we analyzed the GALT mutations in 30 families with classical galactosemia , in 10 families with the D-2 variant and in 3 individuals carrying the D-1 allele by denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis ( DGGE ) . DGGE detected 59 of the 60 classical galactosemia alleles . Q188R accounted for 60 % , K285N accounted for 28 % of these alleles . Eight novel candidate galactosemia mutations were found . On all D-2 alleles N314D occurred in cis with two intronic sequence changes , on the D-1 alleles in cis with a neutral mutation in exon 7 . We conclude that the mutations causing galactosemia are highly heterogeneous and that K285N is a second common galactosemia mutation in our population . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		Duarte galactosemia, 1, classical and , 1, 	
8968716	BRCA1 mutations cause increased risk for breast and ovarian cancer , frequently of early onset . Many different mutations occur in BRCA1 , including several examples of recurrent mutations , each of which accounts for a significant number of families with heritable cancer predisposition . These common mutations have an etiological role in many breast and ovarian cancer cases and provide the opportunity to examine genotype-phenotype correlations and genotype-environment interactions in individuals with the identical BRCA1 lesion . We report a novel missense change in BRCA1 , 2640 C-- &gt; T ( R841W ) , found in 3 cases from a subject group of 305 breast and 79 ovarian cancer cases from Orange County , CA . These are consecutive , population-based cases not selected for age or family history . In all three cases , there is a strong family history of breast , ovarian , or other cancers possibly related to a BRCA1 defect and family members showed a high concordance of cancer incidence with the presence of R841W . The age of cancer onset was not always distinct from typical sporadic cases . Testing of a sample of 413 unrelated individuals to examine the hypothesis that R841W might be a rare polymorphism detected one additional instance in a woman with breast cancer diagnosed at age 77 years , and cancer in one parent . R841W is likely to be an etiologically significant lesion with involvement in close to 1 % ( 95 % confidence interval of 0-1 . 7 % ) of all breast and ovarian cancers in this population . 	0.0	0.0	3.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and ovarian cancers, 1, breast , ovarian , or other cancers, 1, breast and ovarian cancer, 1, 	
8841191	BRCA1 and BRCA2 are the two major identified causes of inherited breast cancer , with mutations in either gene conferring up to 80-90 % lifetime risk of breast cancer in carrier females . Mutations in BRCA1 account for approximately 45 % of familial breast cancer and 90 % of inherited breast / ovarian cancer , whereas mutations in BRCA2 account for a comparable percentage of inherited breast cancer cases . Over 85 distinct BRCA1 mutations and a growing list of BRCA2 mutations have been identified , with the majority resulting in protein truncation . A specific BRCA1 mutation , 185delAG , has a reported increased carrier frequency of approximately 0 . 9 % in the Ashkenazi Jewish population , but is also found in rare non-Jewish patients with a different haplotype . The 6174delT mutation in BRCA2 was recently identified as a frequent mutation in 8 out of 107 Ashkenazi Jewish women diagnosed with breast cancer by age 50 ( ref . 8 ) , as well as in three Ashkenazi male breast cancer patients . We have conducted a large-scale population study to investigate the prevalence of specific BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations in Ashkenazi Jewish individuals who were unselected for breast cancer . BRCA1 mutation screening on approximately 3 , 000 Ashkenazi Jewish samples determined a carrier frequency of 1 . 09 % for the 185delAG mutation and 0 . 13 % for the 5382insC mutation . BRCA2 analysis on 3 , 085 individuals from the same population showed a carrier frequency of 1 . 52 % for the 6174delT mutation . This expanded population-based study confirms that the BRCA1 185delAG mutation and the BRCA2 6174delT mutation constitute the two most frequent mutation alleles predisposing to hereditary breast cancer among the Ashkenazim , and suggests a relatively lower penetrance for the 6174delT mutation in BRCA2 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		inherited breast / ovarian cancer, 1, 	
9145677	BACKGROUND  To define the incidence of BRCA1 mutations among patients seen in clinics that evaluate the risk of breast cancer , we analyzed DNA samples from women seen in this setting and constructed probability tables to provide estimates of the likelihood of finding a BRCA1 mutation in individual families . METHODS  Clinical information , family histories , and blood for DNA analysis were obtained from 263 women with breast cancer . Conformation-sensitive gel electrophoresis and DNA sequencing were used to identify BRCA1 mutations . RESULTS  BRCA1 mutations were identified in 16 percent of women with a family history of breast cancer . Only 7 percent of women from families with a history of breast cancer but not ovarian cancer had BRCA1 mutations . The rates were higher among women from families with a history of both breast and ovarian cancer . Among family members , an average age of less than 55 years at the diagnosis of breast cancer , the presence of ovarian cancer , the presence of breast and ovarian cancer in the same woman , and Ashkenazi Jewish ancestry were all associated with an increased risk of detecting a BRCA1 mutation . No association was found between the presence of bilateral breast cancer or the number of breast cancers in a family and the detection of a BRCA1 mutation , or between the position of the mutation in the BRCA1 gene and the presence of ovarian cancer in a family . CONCLUSIONS  Among women with breast cancer and a family history of the disease , the percentage with BRCA1 coding-region mutations is less than the 45 percent predicted by genetic-linkage analysis . These results suggest that even in a referral clinic specializing in screening women from high-risk families , the majority of tests for BRCA1 mutations will be negative and therefore uninformative . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and ovarian cancer, 2, 	
8640236	Inherited mutant alleles of familial tumour suppressor genes predispose individuals to particular types of cancer . In addition to an involvement in inherited susceptibility to cancer , these tumour suppressor genes are targets for somatic mutations in sporadic cancers of the same type found in the familial forms . An exception is BRCA1 , which contributes to a significant fraction of familial breast and ovarian cancer , but undergoes mutation at very low rates in sporadic breast and ovarian cancers . This finding suggests that other genes may be the principal targets for somatic mutation in breast carcinoma . A second , recently identified familial breast cancer gene , BRCA2 ( refs 5-8 ) , accounts for a proportion of breast cancer roughly equal to BRCA1 . Like BRCA1 , BRCA2 behaves as a dominantly inherited tumour suppressor gene . Individuals who inherit one mutant allele are at increased risk for breast cancer , and the tumours they develop lose the wild-type allele by heterozygous deletion . The BRCA2 coding sequence is huge , composed of 26 exons that span 10 , 443 bp . Here we investigate the rate of BRCA2 mutation in sporadic breast cancers and in a set of cell lines that represent twelve other tumour types . Surprisingly , mutations in BRCA2 are infrequent in cancers including breast carcinoma . However , a probable germline mutation in a pancreatic tumour cell line suggests a role for BRCA2 in susceptibility to pancreatic cancer . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		familial breast and ovarian cancer, 1, sporadic breast and ovarian cancers, 1, 	
8871666	Combined subtotal deficiency of C6 and C7 , in which both proteins are expressed at very low levels , has been observed in homozygous form in two families . A defect at the 5 splice donor site of intron 15 of the C6 gene explains the low molecular weight of the C6 protein and is probably responsible for its low expressed concentration . The C7 defect is more enigmatic  the protein is of normal molecular weight , low circulating concentration , and altered isoelectric point . An Arg &gt; Ser codon substitution in exon 11 is the only molecular alteration within the mature C7 protein . These defects are associated with a characteristic set of polymorphic DNA markers in the C6 / C7 region , forming a distinct haplotype . The haplotype has been found in combination with a number of other haplotypes containing defective genes that lead either to C6 or C7 deficiency , but with different consequences . Where it is combined with a C6-deficient gene , the serum C7 levels can be surprisingly high , possibly because there is no C6 generating C56 to consume the C7 . In contrast , where the C7 genes are both defective ( but still partially functional ) , there may be a profound deficit of circulating C7 because there is ample C6 to produce C56 and consume the already small amount of C7 . Each molecular defect has also been found in isolation and has the expected effect . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		C7 deficiency, 1, C6 or , 1, 	
8589722	Germline mutations in BRCA1 are responsible for most cases of inherited breast and ovarian cancer . However , the function of the BRCA1 protein has remained elusive . We now show that BRCA1 encodes a 190-kD protein with sequence homology and biochemical analogy to the granin protein family . Interestingly , BRCA2 also includes a motif similar to the granin consensus at the C terminus of the protein . Both BRCA1 and the granins localize to secretory vesicles , are secreted by a regulated pathway , are post-translationally glycosylated and are responsive to hormones . As a regulated secretory protein , BRCA1 appears to function by a mechanism not previously described for tumour suppressor gene products . . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		inherited breast and ovarian cancer , 1, 	
8589723	Women who carry a mutation in the BRCA1 gene ( on chromosome 17q21 ) , have an 80 % risk of breast cancer and a 40 % risk of ovarian cancer by the age of 70 ( ref . 1 ) . The variable penetrance of BRCA1 suggests that other genetic and non-genetic factors play a role in tumourigenesis in these individuals . The HRAS1 variable number of tandem repeats ( VNTR ) polymorphism , located 1 kilobase ( kb ) downstream of the HRAS1 proto-oncogene ( chromosome 11p15 . 5 ) is one possible genetic modifier of cancer penetrance . Individuals who have rare alleles of the VNTR have an increased risk of certain types of cancers , including breast cancer ( 2-4 ) . To investigate whether the presence of rare HRAS1 alleles increases susceptibility to hereditary breast and ovarian cancer , we have typed a panel of 307 female BRCA1 carriers at this locus using a PCR-based technique . The risk for ovarian cancer was 2 . 11 times greater for BRCA1 carriers harbouring one or two rare HRAS1 alleles , compared to carriers with only common alleles ( P = 0 . 015 ) . The magnitude of the relative risk associated with a rare HRAS1 allele was not altered by adjusting for the other known risk factors for hereditary ovarian cancer ( 5 ) . Susceptibility to breast cancer did not appear to be affected by the presence of rare HRAS1 alleles . This study is the first to show the effect of a modifying gene on the penetrance of an inherited cancer syndrome 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		hereditary breast and ovarian cancer, 1, 	
8644702	Nine different germ-line mutations in the BRCA1 breast and ovarian cancer susceptibility gene were identified in 15 of 47 kindreds from southern Sweden , by use of SSCP and heteroduplex analysis of all exons and flanking intron region and by a protein-truncation test for exon 11 , followed by direct sequencing . All but one of the mutations are predicted to give rise to premature translation termination and include seven frameshift insertions or deletions , a nonsense mutation , and a splice acceptor site mutation . The remaining mutation is a missense mutation ( Cys61Gly ) in the zinc-binding motif . Four novel Swedish founding mutations were identified  the nucleotide 2595 deletion A was found in five families , the C 1806 T nonsense mutation in three families , the 3166 insertion TGAGA in three families , and the nucleotide 1201 deletion 11 in two families . Analysis of the intragenic polymorphism D17S855 supports common origins of the mutations . Eleven of the 15 kindreds manifesting BRCA1 mutations were breast-ovarian cancer families , several of them with a predominant ovarian cancer phenotype . The set of 32 families in which no BRCA1 alterations were detected included 1 breast-ovarian cancer kindred manifesting clear linkage to the BRCA1 region and loss of the wild-type chromosome in associated tumors . Other tumor types found in BRCA1 mutation / haplotype carriers included prostatic , pancreas , skin , and lung cancer , a malignant melanoma , an oligodendroglioma , and a carcinosarcoma . In all , 12 of 16 kindreds manifesting BRCA1 mutation or linkage contained ovarian cancer , as compared with only 6 of the remaining 31 families ( P &lt; . 001 ) . The present study confirms the involvement of BRCA1 in disease predisposition for a subset of hereditary breast cancer families often characterized by ovarian cancers . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		prostatic , pancreas , skin , and lung cancer, 1, 	
8644703	Germ-line mutations of the BRCA1 gene are responsible for a substantial proportion of families with multiple cases of early-onset breast and / or ovarian cancer . Since the isolation of BRCA1 last year , &gt; 65 distinct mutations scattered throughout the coding region have been detected , making analysis of the gene time consuming and technically challenging . We have developed a multiplex heteroduplex analysis that is designed to analyze one-quarter of the coding sequence in a single-step screening procedure and that will detect approximately 50 % of all BRCA1 mutations so far reported in breast / ovarian cancer families . We have used this technique to analyze BRCA1 in 162 families with a history of breast and / or ovarian cancer and identified 12 distinct mutations in 35 families . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and / or ovarian cancer, 2, 	
8605116	We have analyzed the 27 exons and the promoter region of the RB1 gene in familial or sporadic bilateral retinoblastoma by using single-strand conformation polymorphism analysis . For improvement over previous studies , a new set of primers has been designed , which allow for amplification of the coding and splicing sequences only . The positioning of the polymerase chain reaction ( PCR ) primers was such that the resulting PCR products were of different sizes , which enabled us to analyze two different exons simultaneously and still distinguish between the banding profiles for both ( biplex analysis ) . By using this approach , we were able to identify mutation in 22 new patients , but the overall efficiency of the procedure when we used a single-pass regimen was only 48 % . The mutations were small insertions and deletions and point mutations in roughly equal proportions . . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		familial or sporadic bilateral retinoblastoma, 1, 	
9271438	The von Hippel-Lindau tumor suppressor gene ( VHL ) has a critical role in the pathogenesis of clear-cell renal cell carcinoma ( RCC ) , as VHL mutations have been found in both von Hippel-Lindau disease-associated and sporadic RCCs . Recent studies suggest that vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) mRNA is upregulated in RCC- and von Hippel-Lindau disease-associated tumors . We have therefore assessed the effect of the VHL gene product on VEGF expression . VEGF promoter-luciferase constructs were transiently cotransfected with a wild-type VHL ( wt-VHL ) vector in several cell lines , including 293 embryonic kidney and RCC cell lines . wt-VHL protein inhibited VEGF promoter activity in a dose-dependent manner up to 5- to 10-fold . Deletion analysis defined a 144-bp region of the VEGF promoter necessary for VHL repression . This VHL-responsive element is GC rich and specifically binds the transcription factor Sp1 in crude nuclear extracts . In Drosophila cells , cotransfected VHL represses Sp1-mediated activation but not basal activity of the VEGF promoter . We next demonstrated in coimmunoprecipitates that VHL and Sp1 were part of the same complex and , by using a glutathione-S-transferase-VHL fusion protein and purified Sp1 , that VHL and Sp1 directly interact . Furthermore , endogenous VEGF mRNA levels were suppressed in permanent RCC cell lines expressing wt-VHL , and nuclear run-on studies indicated that VHL regulation of VEGF occurs at least partly at the transcriptional level . These observations support a new mechanism for VHL-mediated transcriptional repression via a direct inhibitory action on Sp1 and suggest that loss of Sp1 inhibition may be important in the pathogenesis of von Hippel-Lindau disease and RCC . . 	0.0	0.0	2.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		RCC- and von Hippel-Lindau disease-associated tumors, 1, von Hippel-Lindau disease-associated and sporadic RCCs, 1, 	
9195227	In the present study , leukocyte DNA from 143 patients with familial clustering of breast and / or ovarian cancer and tumour DNA from 96 breast carcinomas were screened for base mutations in the estrogen receptor gene ( ESR ) . Three patients with a family history of cancer were carrying a Gly160Cys germline substitution . This alteration was also detected in eight ( four females and four males ) of 729 controls ( 366 female , 363 males ) , indicating that the substitution probably represents a polymorphism . However , in the 229 female controls in whom family history of cancer was known , one of two who had a sister with breast cancer was carrying the variant allele . Hence , a possible clinical significance of the glycine into cysteine cannot be completely ruled out and should be further investigated . Somatic mutations were not detected in any of the tumours studied , and the present data do not provide support for somatic ESR base mutations as an important mechanism for hormonal therapy resistance in estrogen receptor-positive breast carcinomas . . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and / or ovarian cancer, 1, 	
9063749	Most multiple case families of young onset breast cancer and ovarian cancer are thought to be due to highly penetrant mutations in the predisposing genes BRCA1 and BRCA2 . However , these mutations are uncommon in the population and they probably account for only a few percent of all breast cancer incidence . A much larger fraction of breast cancer might , in principle , be due to common variants which confer more modest individual risks . There are several common polymorphisms in the BRCA1 gene which generate amino acid substitutions . We have examined the frequency of four of these polymorphisms  Gln356Arg , Pro871Leu , Glu1038Gly and Ser1613Gly in large series of breast and ovarian cancer cases and matched controls . Due to strong linkage disequilibrium , these four sites generate only three haplotypes with a frequency &gt; 1 . 3 % . The most common haplotypes , defined by the alleles Gln356Pro871Glu1038Ser1613 and Gln356Leu871Gly1038Gly1613 , have frequencies of 0 . 57 and 0 . 32 respectively , and these frequencies do not differ significantly between patient and control groups . Thus the most common polymorphisms of the BRCA1 gene do not make a significant contribution to breast or ovarian cancer risk . However , our data suggest that the Arg356 allele may have a different genotype distribution in breast cancer patients from that in controls ( Arg356 homozygotes are more frequent in the control groups , P = 0 . 01 ) , indicating that it may be protective against breast cancer . If this finding can be confirmed , it may provide an insight into the structural features of the BRCA1 protein that are important for its function . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast and ovarian cancer, 1, 	
8733131	The von Hippel-Lindau ( VHL ) disease product is thought to down-regulate transcription by antagonizing elongin-enhanced transcriptional elongation . Germline VHL gene mutations predispose to the development of retinal , cerebellar and spinal haemangioblastomas , renal cell carcinoma and phaeochromocytoma . In addition , somatic Inactivation of the VHL gene is frequent in sporadic renal cell carcinoma and haemangioblastoma . Regulation of transcript elongation is an important control mechanism for gene expression and the VHL gene might modify the expression of proto-oncogenes and growth suppressor genes during embryogenesis . We therefore investigated the expression of VHL mRNA during human embryogenesis by in situ hybridization studies at 4 , 6 and 10 weeks post conception . Although VHL mRNA was expressed in all three germ layers , strong expression was noted in the central nervous system , kidneys , testis and lung . Within the kidney , VHL mRNA was differentially expressed within renal tubules suggesting that the VHL gene product may have a specific role in kidney development . Two alternatively spliced VHL mRNAs characterized by inclusion ( isoform I ) or exclusion ( isoform II ) of exon 2 are transcribed in adult tissues . To investigate if the two isoforms are differentially expressed during embryogenesis , VHL mRNA was reverse transcribed from 13 fetal tissues ( 8-10 weeks gestation ) . The quantitative distribution of VHL mRNA within fetal tissues reflected that seen by in situ hybridization and the ratio of the two VHL isoforms was similar between tissues . Although the genes regulated by the VHL gene product have not yet been identified , our findings are compatible with the hypothesis that VHL-mediated control of transcriptional elongation may have a role in normal human development . . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		retinal , cerebellar and spinal haemangioblastomas, 1, 	
9223312	Chromosomal translocations identified in hematopoietic and solid tumors result in deregulated expression of protooncogenes or creation of chimeric proteins with tumorigenic potential . In the pediatric solid tumor alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma , a consistent t ( 2 ; 13 ) ( q35 ; q14 ) or variant t ( 1 ; 13 ) ( p36 ; q14 ) translocation generates PAX3-FKHR or PAX7-FKHR fusion proteins , respectively . In this report , we demonstrate that in addition to functional alterations these translocations are associated with fusion product overexpression . Furthermore , PAX3-FKHR and PAX7-FKHR overexpression occurs by distinct mechanisms . Transcription of PAX3-FKHR is increased relative to wild-type PAX3 by a copy number-independent process . In contrast , PAX7-FKHR overexpression results from fusion gene amplification . Thus , gene-specific mechanisms were selected to overexpress PAX3-FKHR and PAX7-FKHR in alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma , presumably due to differences in regulation between the wild-type loci . We postulate that these overexpression mechanisms ensure a critical level of gene product for the oncogenic effects of these fusions . . 	0.0	0.0	1.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		hematopoietic and solid tumors, 1, 	
9012404	A population-based series of 54 male breast cancer cases from Southern California were analyzed for germ-line mutations in the inherited breast / ovarian cancer genes , BRCA1 and BRCA2 . Nine ( 17 % ) of the patients had a family history of breast and / or ovarian cancer in at least one first-degree relative . A further seven ( 13 % ) of the patients reported breast / ovarian cancer in at least one second-degree relative and in no first-degree relatives . No germ-line BRCA1 mutations were found . Two male breast cancer patients ( 4 % of the total ) were found to carry novel truncating mutations in the BRCA2 gene . Only one of the two male breast cancer patients carrying a BRCA2 mutation had a family history of cancer , with one case of ovarian cancer in a first-degree relative . The remaining eight cases ( 89 % ) of male breast cancer with a family history of breast / ovarian cancer in first-degree relatives remain unaccounted for by mutations in either the BRCA1 gene or the BRCA2 gene . . 	0.0	0.0	3.0	NaN	0.0	NaN	0.0		breast / ovarian cancer, 2, breast and / or ovarian cancer, 1, 	
